so in this short demonstration video I'm
going to show you just how easy it's
going to be for your pupils of your
school to use our software each software
is totally customized on a one-to-one
basis by ourselves and a particular
school so for example once your pupils
have opened up the software the white
canvas in the middle is where they will
drag and drop the drawings of the images
in the text so they simply click on the
image folder here and as you can see
there are lots of different topics in
this particular version each version
will not be the same as another school
because we work with you one-on-one on
the telephone to get a deep
understanding of what topics and
subjects you want to use the software
for please remember the software is
limitless so you can use the software
for every single topic in your school or
you can just dissect it and pick certain
topics at certain times throughout the
year so for example this one has got the
folder called the Amazon rainforest so
the pupils can see the images and
they're just simply click on one of the
images which is then placed on the
canvas we double-click the on the image
and then we can drag and drop it and
rotate and move would do anything we
want and the pupil places it at the
exact position where they want to create
their demonstration once they leave it
in the position we press the play
preview button and it and the image is
drawn and exactly the position that they
leave it we can then go back to the
image folder and maybe we wanted to add
some animals that live in the rainforest
it literally is simply drag-and-drop
move the images around press the preview
player button and the images are drawn
in the exact place where your pupils
left them if you want to add some text
we just click on the text editor
and we can we can align the text we can
make the text bigger we come out the
tech tech smaller we can make the text
different colors we can literally do
anything that you can think of the
software can do with press the or care
button and they can then position the
text at any different angle that they
want and again once they leave the text
in the position that they decide we can
then click the preview player button it
will draw all the images in the exact
place it will draw the text in the exact
place as your students and pupils go
along and create an amazing presentation
once they've run out of space on this
particular canvas they just click on the
next hour and again they can carry on
the presentation by just dragging and
dropping the images as they build out a
fantastic video we can also add music
from the music panel you can we've got
an extensive music lab that's already
built in to the software or you can just
add your own music from the desktop or
say they've got some music from the
music class that they've just developed
it can add the wrong music they can also
record their own voice direct from the
software so we wanted to record the
wrong voice just click the button here
and they can speak their way through the
presentation once they've wit they've
finished all the images they can save
the project and come back for another
time and to carry on it's quite a
lengthly one that they are doing or they
can just export directly to a video
which can then be used on the PC or
uploaded to YouTube or any of the
particular social networking sites so
that really is how easier the shot the
skills edition of the software is to use
again we work with the skills one-on-one
to produce your own customized version
of the software so it literally has
everything and more that you will ever
need for your students to produce these
amazing presentation videos and never
look back